Hey Oh Oh Monica it's so beautiful so
I'm here ready to play okay I found a
bunch of stuff for the house so check it
out ha ha
what's this that's a dog every house
should have a dog not one that can pee
on the roof maybe it's so big because
the house was built on radioactive waste
and is this in case the house sneezes no
no that's the ghost for the Attic I
don't want a ghost well nobody wants a
ghost but you've got one because the
house is sitting on an ancient Indian
burial ground wait a minute the house
was built on radioactive waste and an
ancient Indian burial ground that would
never happen okay obviously you don't
know much about the US government hey I
need to talk to you sure what's up oh
sorry
I met Chandler hmm I know well if
something comes up oh I'm glad you guys
passed that little awkward faiths okay
my boss Joanna
when you left she started asking
questions about you like what you saw
huh
Doug my action did she check it out the
chanchan name
that was surreal okay what do you think
you interested at all yeah she seemed
cool attractive I'll do it oh thank you
chew oh this is so great she's gonna
love me oh okay
dinosaur attack everybody in the house
sorry you know what that's it that's it
all right
no dinosaurs no ghosts no giant dogs
okay they're not the right size they're
not Victorian and they just don't go
okay fine some dinosaur we're not
welcome in the house of no imagination
things while we're hovering around the
subject I just have to say that
dinosaurs they they don't go off the
little ones do